you
[Music]
Bill Cosby was not placed with the
so-called family sitcoms he saw on TV in
the early 1980s the kid seemed to be in
charge of the household in tiny
six-year-old smart mouthing their
parents without suffering any
repercussions whose miss cashed out to
show where the kids were certainly
intelligent but the parents will always
matter and most importantly in charge
The Cosby Show debuted on September 20
1984 and America went on to spend a
dream orrible seasons with a Huxtable
you're watching another episode of how
they changed and let's review this
brilliant comedy sitcom in Bill Cosby's
original pitch he played a limousine
driver and Claire was a union plumber
Camille Cosby told her husband that she
thought that TV couple should be more
representative of their own family to
white-collar professional parents an
executive producer Marcy Carsey sided
with Camille Cosby capitulated and made
the Patrick a doctor and Claire and a
Tony another one of Cosby's early
visions of the show was for Claire to be
Dominican and to have her revert to her
native Spanish whenever she was
frustrated he pictured it as a reverse I
Love Lucy scenario where the audience
always knew when Ricky Ricardo had
reached his limit because he'd burst
into spanish-language tirade of all the
actresses who auditioned for the role of
Claire phylicia rashad could cause miss
eye because of the way she awkward was
here during the screen test unlike the
previous candidate she didn't walk her
head and she didn't place her hand on
her hip
instead she simply stopped speaking and
gave fear look and her eyes said enough
to frighten any child in the submission
has been you immediately that valishia
was Claire it comes be show his pilot
was filmed in front of a live audience
and even though there were plenty of
laughs were expected
Cosby was worried that the audience
wasn't embracing his overall vision of
the series
in the scene where Thea is defending the
D on his report card he earnestly tells
his that if you weren't a doctor I
wouldn't love you less because you're my
dad
so rather than feeling disappointed
because I'm not like you
maybe you should accept Who I am and
love me anyway because I'm your son
what concerned cozbie about the scene
was the spontaneous applause from the
audience of the fear speech
luckily the audience reacted even more
enthusiastically when he replied with
complete conviction that's the dumbest
thing I have ever heard in my life live
Huxtables iconic sweaters were the work
of Dutch fashion designer cooze fondant
acha fondant occur was asked by customer
of his in the early 1980s to make a
unique sweater as a present for her
friend Bill Cosby those before the sweat
on camera were filming an episode of his
show mail poured in as viewers wanted to
know where they could buy a similar
garment those be asked found an arker to
make more and legacy was born the
sweaters designer described the process
of grading each blow over as a painting
throwing various colors and patterns of
fabric pieces together on a jersey wool
and canvas
according to fondant occur each designed
red a very thin line between absolutely
awful and something of genius at one
point in the pilot Claire asks why did
we have four children he responds
because we've dean 1:5 originally Denise
was the oldest of the offspring followed
by Theo Vanessa and Rudy but once the
series was poised to become a hit bill
cosby decided to add an additional older
child one who was away at college and
was an example of successful parenting
enter Princeton student Sondra the
eldest Huxtable child
Sabrina low birth the actress who played
Sondra is only 10 years younger than her
TV mum Sabrina wound the rule over such
stoned competitors as Whitney Houston
and future Miss America Suzette Charles
the birth impressed Cosby partly because
she had recently graduated from a
prestigious university yay
just like the character he had in mind
The Cosby Show not only topped the
ratings charts at home
it was also hit internationally albeit
with some mana twigs made for non-us
audiences for example in Italy the
surname Huxtable proved to be impossible
to pronounce so the family's name was
changed and the show was titled eat
Robinson
the Robinsons why Robinson instead of
say Smith or Jones the name was chosen
in honor of Jackie Robinson the first
african-american to play in Major League
Baseball in Bill Cosby's original vision
the Huxtables had two boys and two girls
this was before Sandra was added to the
mix the youngest child Rudy was
originally supposed to be a younger
brother who looked up at theer
eight-year-old Charlie wide family
mattis's future Earl had auditions so
strongly that his agent told his parents
that they should start looking for
apartments in New York where the Cosby
Show was filmed the producers still had
a few more kids to consider in one of
those last-minute interviews was with
four-year-old Charma keshia knight
pulliam director J Sandridge recalled
trying to talk to Kesha asking her if
she could remember lines which occurred
looking away from him he finally asked
her what was wrong the story goes that
she pointed to a monitor and said that's
me how can you make me on the TV
immediately encountered Sandra's most
keshia's name to the top of the short
list
Anthea became an only son surrounded by
four sisters the casting call for the
role of Theo specified that he was 6
inches 2 feet and 15 years old Malcolm
Jamal Warner however was 13 and 5 feet 5
inches nevertheless he landed an
interview on the last day auditions were
held according to Warner he read the
monopoly money scene with Cosby like a
traditional TV Brad hand on hip eyes
rolled a real smart allure everyone in
the room was laughing
except for Cosby he asked the young
actor if he'd act
that with his real father without advice
in mind wanna read for the part
secondhand and nailed it season seven
begins with a back-to-school episode
where cliff and Claire happily assure
their brood all the dual the morning
after summer location ended but why was
Vanessa carrying a suitcase instead of a
Trapper Keeper
it's revealed that Vanessa attended
summer school so she could graduate a
year early and was now bound for Lincoln
College in Pennsylvania the sudden
change in Vanessa story arc was used
attempts at blood size desire to get her
degree because Miss determination to
help her however possible after
graduating from high school let's--oh
told her boss that she had enrolled at
New York University but would be
attending classes in the evenings and on
weekends said it wouldn't affect her
work schedule there's beans dad arranged
the show's shooting schedule so that
blood sir could go to school full-time
which is why we only saw Vanessa
sporadically throughout the season
tempest recalls that pose be used to
pass her grades and his dressing-room
door it is common for some elements of a
series to differ from the pilot once
it's picked up by Network so it is
understandable that in the Cosby pilot
the layout of the house is nothing like
the ten stickered Avenue we later see
and feel is referred to as Teddy but
surely someone in the editing room
should have noticed that the
establishing exterior short of dr. hath
cliffs Huxtables office that was used
several times throughout season one
still ball the pilot engraved nameplate
that red Clifford Huxtable MD Russell
Huxtable could always be relied upon to
recite Shakespeare at length when sage
advice was required the scenes were
tailored specifically for Ojai man who
played cliffs dead from the age of 13
Hermann Duvall classic literature and
stage plays
he developed particular fondness for the
work of Henrik Ibsen and Hyman
eventually spent enough time in Norway
epson's home to become fluent in the
region and was awarded the prestigious
offs and all of his stage work there
Bill Cosby incorporated many names from
his own real-life family into his sitcom
relatives he married Camille Olivia
Hanks in 1964 in the shell play
Huxtables maiden name was Hanks and the
nieces precocious stepdaughter was named
Olivia his mother's name was Anna just
like his TV mom his younger brother
Russell lent his name to the Huxtable
granted and that's all for now don't
forget to leave a like and subscribe for
more day care friends
[Music]
you